sometimes when I make a great effort I
can remember her scent sweetness for
breath Serena
Serena why can't I see you more clearly
why can't I remember this was taken on
that crisp winter night at our mutual
friends hunting lodge we came back
indoors laughing giddy his teenagers you
always put too much salt in deer think
about your pressure
Serena enjoyed spice in our life when I
preferred it more bland it was so
different on someone the furniture came
with the cabin
considering how off the beaten path this
place is that helped make up our mind
sometimes she would crush her leg
against mine under the table when we
were reading curious sexual thrill
so much wisdom happiness in this
bookcase my life would have been much
poorer without all of us
sharing meals for the good red wine was
one of the great pleasures in our
relationship especially intimacy in this
cabin
so many afternoons spent this our chair
this window never got much attention
then again the view isn't nearly as
spectacular priorities right
come sit with me I want to talk and
cuddle this one wobbles I always meant
to do something about that but somehow
never got around to it no I don't want
to leave right now there's still
something for me in here the table is
worn but sturdy just like our
relationship was or is something draws
me to this trunk is it the memories
locked within or something else we use
this trunk to store trinkets and papers
but I can't help thinking there's
something of importance inside it's too
painful I want to but not yet we found
this trunk at a flea market
we used to love rummaging around those
in our early years
come love with peace in your heart
Sydney off of the ice blue eyes hmm blue
eyes it's based on an Irish folktale or
your poet Oshin goes to Tiernan oak a
Celtic Otherworld known as the land of
youth and promise neo is of the Fae folk
the fair ones fairies weird mix of
doggerel and artistry the elemental
imagery is evocative but the language
and structure are bit quaint still some
lines jump out of you I've always been
drawn to things that are kind of both
good and bad at the same time maybe
because that's so like life
she made this with her own hands she was
really good it's a beautiful day so
there's a natural calm surrounding the
area
there's a strand of blonde hair in the
comb yes blonde hair like sunrays hers I
used it to when shaving there's only an
outhouse and for some reason
whoever erected the rickety thing didn't
think to include wall-to-wall mirrors so
this came in handy
these keys are for the cabin and the car
if the keys are here does she have her
spare they prevent my blood pressure
from skyrocketing doctor's orders and
Serena's dearest how do I say any of
this I like your way with words but if I
don't write this I don't know what I'll
do my life feels so unreal now dreamlike
but wonderfully so let me try
even if clumsily the hours I spent with
you when we last met her precious to me
it was so lost such a short time ago
everything seemed drained of color and
feeling I think we were meant to find
each other to bring meaning to our lives
again make sense of the confusions
shrouding both of us when we stepped
into the Crystal Silence of the snowy
woods away from the chatter of the
guests all nature seemed expectant as if
holding its breath witnessing a rare
moment of something infinitely better
than what life in the ordinary run of
things has to offer do you remember how
the light crest of the snow glittered in
the reflected light of the country house
how the cops of trees in which we walked
was haloed with a magical aura
I felt the chill of the night air and
you opened your coat and unfolded me in
your arms and we hugged tight sharing
the warmth sharing the only thing any of
us have to share this earth and you
think about it